Fix log error when addHook = false (#120)
fastify/fastify-bearer-auth: Readme.md

* `addHook`: If `false`, this plugin will not register `onRequest` hook automatically,
   instead it provide two decorations `fastify.verifyBearerAuth` and
   `fastify.verifyBearerAuthFactory` for you.

> * `verifyErrorLogLevel`: an optional string specifying the log level when there is a verification error.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `verifyErrorLogLevel`: An optional string specifying the log level when there is a verification error.
```

> * `verifyErrorLogLevel`: string specifying the log level when verify error (optional).
>    The value must be vaild log level support by fastify, otherwise exception will be throwed
>    when register the plugin. default value is `error`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* `verifyErrorLogLevel`: an optional string specifying the log level when there is a verification error.
   It must be a valid log level supported by fastify, otherwise an exception will be thrown
   when registering the plugin. By default, this option is set to `error`.
```

By passing `{ addHook: false }` in the options, the `verifyBearerAuth` hook, instead of
immediately replying on error (`reply.send(someError)`), invokes `done(someError)`. This
will allow `fastify.auth` to continue with the next authentication scheme in the hook list.

> Note that by setting `{ verifyErrorLogLevel: 'debug' }` in the options, `fastify-bearer-auth` will emit all the 
> verification's errors logs at the `debug` level. Since it is not the only authentication method here, to emit verification's errors logs at  the `error` level may be not appropriate here.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that by setting `{ verifyErrorLogLevel: 'debug' }` in the options, `fastify-bearer-auth` will emit all verification error logs at the `debug` level. Since it is not the only authentication method here, emitting verification error logs at the `error` level may be not appropriate here.
```

By passing `{ addHook: false }` in the options, the `verifyBearerAuth` hook, instead of
immediately replying on error (`reply.send(someError)`), invokes `done(someError)`. This
will allow `fastify.auth` to continue with the next authentication scheme in the hook list.

> Also by set `{ verifyErrorLogLevel: 'debug' }` in the options, the `fastify.auth` will log the 
> verify error to `debug` level, since it is not the only authentication method here, log at `error`
> level may be not appropiated.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Note that by setting `{ verifyErrorLogLevel: 'debug' }` in the options, `fastify-bearer-auth` will emit all the 
verification's errors logs at the `debug` level. Since it is not the only authentication method here, to emit verification's errors logs at  the `error` level may be not appropriate here.
```
